we are learning c programming
char str[]="I lovE YoU";
printf("%s",strlwr(str));
printf("%s",strupr(str));
bye goodnight my computer and my program see you tommorrow
hello world and programming 
hi what is your name?
My name is john 
how are you today ?
I am find, and you?
what is your favorite color?
My favorite color is black and blue 
what will you learn after this time?
sometime I think about with you 
what on your my head?
how are you today?
I never 
you are not allowed to vote!!
you allowed to vote
now I want to learn english with teacher in youtube
what we will learn in next season
maybe we going to learn about pratice with pointer 
how to learn programming to easy to use
%p is the kind of variable to show address but the show is kol16
calling function calling function calling function 
calling function calling calling function favorite color drama elephants elephants 
hello crush i love you bebe
hello world enter the number 
please input the number 
Your input is everyday i will learn myself and pratice with pointer is the kind of c programming that can store only address but 
it cannot store value the structure to pointer is 1 we use simple like print a for addres of pointer and *a is the catch value to
from another variable and before get the pointer value we need to write like pointer 
int *a;
int num;
printf("enter the numnber of num");scanf("%d",&num);
we need to => num=&a
printf("The pointer value is %d ",*a);
stay In you got that your got that i got this and are we say hi spent my day 
hi world what is your job ? yeah hi my job is run around the sum 
how to get benefit from your job bro ?
Number of array in c programming 
what is c programming ?
why we need to learn this language? 
because It is a basic for start learn everything in information technology 
the lesson in c programming that we will learn and this is the best basic have like that 
1. condition 
2. loop 
3. array 
4. function 
5. pointer
this is the best basic to catch information technology skill and all programming language is this the very same c 
the place that different is syntax or keyword but still need condition loop arrays function pointer and etc
like the c programming too 
the plan for 2022 have :
how to typing faster than before we need to pratice everyday and learn typing in pc because if we pratice everyday we will
become to a professional typing that we can get the 60 word per second this is the high level for typing 
no class today because I busy to corretion bac II
no class today because I bust to corretion bac II
try is the best for programming learning 
how to solve the green srceen problem












